hey this is p.m luna here i'm super
excited super excited to be part of b2b
sales and marketing exchange
october 26 to 28 this year
i'll be speaking and doing a workshop if
you are working
on your marketing plan join my session
seven key elements you need to
incorporate
into your 2021 marketing plan
my workshop is live 90 minutes live
at 11 a.m eastern standard time october
26th
you'll learn as a marketer what you can
do to support your sales team when they
can travel to visit your customers i
will share
many actionable templates that you can
use and apply to your job to make your
sales team happy
so come to my workshop and bring any
questions you may have
if you want me to answer your questions
earlier
before the virtual event no problem
join my facebook community build your
marketing skills to get ahead
i answer every single question in my
community
in the meantime check b2b sales
marketing
agenda on their website wide array of
sessions that cover
sales and marketing tracks and topics i
hope to see you there
take care bye